README.md, before:

# hearot
[![Telegram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hearot-1f7ba3?style=flat-square&labelColor=1f7ba3&logo=telegram&logoColor=white&link=https://t.me/hearot)](https://t.me/hearot) [![Discord Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gab%235737-404eed?style=flat-square&labelColor=404eed&logo=discord&logoColor=white&link=https://discord.com/users/466717564899295234)](https://discord.com/users/466717564899295234) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hearot-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-videtta-261904165/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-videtta-261904165/) [![Email Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-gabriel@hearot.it-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=mail.ru&logoColor=white&link=mailto:gabriel@hearot.it)](mailto:gabriel@hearot.it) [![Goodreads Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gabriel%20(hearot)-666E6E?style=flat-square&labelColor=666E6E&logo=goodreads&logoColor=white&link=https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/119841930-gabriel)](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/119841930-gabriel) [![Anilist Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hearot-151f2e?style=flat-square&labelColor=151f2e&logo=anilist&logoColor=white&link=https://anilist.co/user/hearot/)](https://anilist.co/user/hearot/)

I am **Gabriel** (also known as *hearot*), an italian boy who just finds programming relaxing. I'm a huge fan of mathematics, and you will surely find what I've thought so far on [my personal website](https://hearot.it).

- 🤖 I'm working on personal projects right now, yet I have contributed to [Pyrubrum](https://github.com/hearot/pyrubrum), which I recommend you to check out.
- 📖 I am also running a blog on [hearot.it](https://hearot.it).
- 👓 I enjoy reading about the great deeds from [Attack on Titan (Shingeki no Kyojin)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attack_on_Titan)! Though, I am not a weeb (not anymore, at least!) and I seldom read some manga, meaning that I'm actually reading books rather than manga at the moment, as you might know if you followed me on my [Goodreads profile](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/119841930-gabriel).
- ❔ The name *hearot* has no true meaning, since it came to my mind randomly. Yet there does exist a mythological place named [Heorot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heorot), which, unfortunately, is not related to me... unless!?
- 🎙️ hearot is pronounced [*/hirot/*](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=hirot).

> “God exists since mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exists since we cannot prove it.”<br>\- *André Weil*

Commit message:

feat: update description & remove goodreads

README.md, after:

# hearot
[![Telegram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hearot-1f7ba3?style=flat-square&labelColor=1f7ba3&logo=telegram&logoColor=white&link=https://t.me/hearot)](https://t.me/hearot) [![Discord Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gab%235737-404eed?style=flat-square&labelColor=404eed&logo=discord&logoColor=white&link=https://discord.com/users/466717564899295234)](https://discord.com/users/466717564899295234) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hearot-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-videtta-261904165/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-videtta-261904165/) [![Email Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-gabriel@hearot.it-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=mail.ru&logoColor=white&link=mailto:gabriel@hearot.it)](mailto:gabriel@hearot.it) [![Anilist Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-hearot-151f2e?style=flat-square&labelColor=151f2e&logo=anilist&logoColor=white&link=https://anilist.co/user/hearot/)](https://anilist.co/user/hearot/)

<p align="center"><img src="https://hearot.it/images/transparent_stroke_pfp.png" style="max-width: 100%; height: auto; width: 200px"/></p>

<p align="center">✨ heyo ✨</p>

as you probably already know, i'm gabriel (aka hearot). there is no meaning behind
my username, since plenty of people have already asked me (nay, it does not come
from beowulf either). it is just a random name i made up when i was a kid.
i live near florence, italy.

i'm not a computer science student, nor a programmer, nor a software engineer.
i'm a maths student at the [university of pisa](https://www.dm.unipi.it/en/).
nevertheless i'm used to coding scripts and programs whenever i'm feeling to
(this website is not an exception either). you may find some excerpts of my code
here on github.

i enjoy playing some videogames, but
i wouldn't call myself a gamer. i'm a big fan of formula 1, though. i support
the ferrari f1 team, and i enjoy watching (almost) every grand prix.

i'm an old fan of telegram, which explains why i'm using it all the time.
in fact, my first script was a telegram bot that i wrote in php.
then, i fell in love with python; thus i attended multiple conferences
regarding it (pycon nove, pycon x, pycon 22) as well as other
events (golab 2018, golab 2019).
